fix: typos; chore: documentation to test project adapters (#164)
taikoxyz/trailblazer-adapters: README.md

### 2. Write your Indexer

An example adapter for tracking OrderFulfilled Event on the OKX marketplace can be seen [here](./adapters/projects/okx/order_fulfilled.go) along with its accompanying test file.

### 3. Manually Test your Adapter by adding it to the CLI

First, add a new adapter in `cmd/adapter.go`. Second, add adapter to switch case of `cmd/cmd.go`'s function `executeCommand`. Test out the CLI with `go run .` from project root.

### 4. Add a Test to your Indexer

> Add atleast one test case to your project's adapter. For an example, see [here](./adapters/projects/okx/order_fulfilled_test.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add at least one test case to your project's adapter. For an example, see [here](./adapters/projects/okx/order_fulfilled_test.go).
```
